# Mind-Controlled-Robocar
Using EEG signal to control the movement of the robocar

This project is about the development of a brainwave controlled Robocar. The main objective of this project is to construct a robocar that can be directly controlled by the brain without requiring any physical feedback as controlling input from the user. The method employed in this project is the Brain-computer Interface (BCI), which enables direct communication between the brain and the electrical wheelchair. The best method for recording the brain's activity is the electroencephalogram (EEG). EEG signal is also known as a brain wave signal. The device used for capturing the EEG signal is the Brainsense headset. This headset can transmit the EEG signal wirelessly via Bluetooth to the PC (personal computer). By using the PC software, the EEG signals are processed and converted into mental commands. According to the mental command (e.g. forward, left...) obtained, the output electrical signal is sent out to the robocar to perform the desired movement. Thus, in this project, computer software is developed for translating the EEG signal into mental commands and transmitting out the controlling signal wirelessly to the robocar.A mind controlled robocar combines brain control with artificial intelligence to make it easier for people to maneuver it using only their thoughts. It can also be used for larger projects to make a BCI Wheelchair. The approach, known as “shared control,” could help paralyzed people gain new mobility by turning crude brain signals into more complicated commands. The goal of this project is to construct a robocar that can be directly controlled by the brain without requiring any physical feedback as controlling input from the user using Brain-computer Interface (BCI).
